{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh10320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you were to describe semantic HTML to the next cohort of students, what would you say? \
Semantic HTML introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.\
Examples -<p>, <ul><h1>-<h6>,<div>,<spam>\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Name two big differences between 
\f1 display: block;
\f0  and 
\f1 display: inline;
\f0 ?\
The major difference is that display: inline-block allows to set a width and height on the element. Also, with display: inline-block , the top and bottom margins/paddings are respected, but with display: inline they are not.\uc0\u8232 \
What are the 4 areas of the box model? \
respective edges: the content edge, padding edge, border edge, and margin edge\uc0\u8232 \
While using flexbox, what axis does the following property work on: 
\f1 align-items: center
\f0 ? \
items are centered in the cross-axis. It works on vertical axis.\uc0\u8232 \
Explain why git is valuable to a team of developers?  \
One of the biggest advantages of Git is its branching capabilities. Unlike centralized version control systems, Git branches are cheap and easy to merge. This facilitates the feature branch workflow popular with many Git users. Feature branches provide an isolated environment for every change to your codebase.\uc0\u8232 \
}